fix: handle root prefix when no root span on trace (#1006)
honeycombio/refinery: rules.md

The comparison is case-sensitive.
The field can also include a prefix that changes the span used for evaluation of the field.
The only prefix currently supported is `root`, as in `root.http.status`.
Specifying `root.` causes the condition to be evaluated against the root span.
For example, if the `Field` is `root.url`, then the condition will be processed using the url field from the root span.
The setting `Scope: span` for a rule does not change the meaning of this prefix -- the condition is still evaluated on the root span and is treated as if it were part of the  span being processed.

> When using the `not-exists` operator to check a condition with a `root.` prefix, if the root span does not exist on the trace then the condition will evaluate to false.

Reviewer: I don't think this is true, or should be reworded.

If the root span does not exist, then the `exists` variable will be false, so `not-exists` will be true.

```suggestion
When using the `exists` or `not-exists` operators to check a field containing a `root.` prefix, if the trace has no root span, it will be treated as if the field did not exist.
```

The comparison is case-sensitive.
The field can also include a prefix that changes the span used for evaluation of the field.
The only prefix currently supported is `root`, as in `root.http.status`.
Specifying `root.` causes the condition to be evaluated against the root span.
For example, if the `Field` is `root.url`, then the condition will be processed using the url field from the root span.

> The setting `Scope: span` for a rule does not change the meaning of this prefix -- the condition is still evaluated on the root span and is treated as if it were part of the  span being processed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The setting `Scope: span` for a rule does not change the meaning of this prefix -- the condition is still evaluated on the root span and is treated as if it were part of the span being processed.
```

These can name any field in the trace.
The fields are checked in the order defined here, and the first named field that contains a value will be used for the condition.
Only the first populated field will be used, even if the condition fails.

> If a `root.` prefix is present on a field but the root span is not on the trace, that field will be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `root.` prefix is present on a field but the trace does not contain a root span, that field will be skipped.
```
